Key deletion logic bugfix (#122)
quickwit-oss/chitchat: README.md

The library will then interpret this versioned tombstone before exposing kv to
the user.

To avoid keeping deleted KV indefinitely, the library includes a GC mechanism.
Every tombstone is associated with a monotonic timestamp.
It is local in the sense that it is computed locally to the given node, and never shared with other servers.

> All KV with a timestamp older than a given `grace_period_threshold` will be deleted upon delete operations. (Note for a given KV, GC can happen at different

Reviewer: ```suggestion
All KV with a timestamp older than a given `marked_for_deletion_grace_period` will be deleted upon delete operations. (Note for a given KV, GC can happen at different
```
